26 doc update documentation for UI setup and development (#29)
3PillarGlobal-Czechia/interview-app-ui: README.md

# interview-app-ui

> Welcome to UI repository of Interview app. Goal of this project is to create a tool that can help technical interviewes to lead an interview with a increased confidence and ability to stay consistent accross of multiple interviews.

Author: No

## Technica stack
- React + TypeScript
- AntD 

## Local setup

- run `npm install`

> - Make sure API is running on url specified in .env file

Reviewer: `doc-link`, `spelling/grammar`

```suggestion
- Make sure [the API](https://github.com/3PillarGlobal-Czechia/interview-app-api) is running on the URL specified in the `.env` file
```

Reviewer: `question`

@PlesnikJakub, do you think we should explain how to create and structure the `.env` file?

Or at least what the environment variable name is for the API endpoint? 🤔

- run `npm start`
- application will start on `http://localhost:3000/`

### Other scripts

`npm start` - Runs the app in the development mode \
`npm test` - Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode \

> `npm lint` - Runs eslint with quiet and autofix flag \

Reviewer: `doc-link`

```suggestion
`npm lint` - Runs [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) with the quiet and autofix flags \
```
